Quickstart

  This library is all in one file to simplify the most common usage:
  ftp it, compile it (-O3), and link it into another program. All of
  the compile-time options default to reasonable values for use on
  most platforms.  You might later want to step through various
  compile-time and dynamic tuning options.

  For convenience, an include file for code using this malloc is at:
     ftp://gee.cs.oswego.edu/pub/misc/malloc-2.8.6.h
  You don't really need this .h file unless you call functions not
  defined in your system include files.  The .h file contains only the
  excerpts from this file needed for using this malloc on ANSI C/C++
  systems, so long as you haven't changed compile-time options about
  naming and tuning parameters.  If you do, then you can create your
  own malloc.h that does include all settings by cutting at the point
  indicated below. Note that you may already by default be using a C
  library containing a malloc that is based on some version of this
  malloc (for example in linux). You might still want to use the one
  in this file to customize settings or to avoid overheads associated
  with library versions.

Overview of algorithms

  This is not the fastest, most space-conserving, most portable, or
  most tunable malloc ever written. However it is among the fastest
  while also being among the most space-conserving, portable and
  tunable.  Consistent balance across these factors results in a good
  general-purpose allocator for malloc-intensive programs.

  In most ways, this malloc is a best-fit allocator. Generally, it
  chooses the best-fitting existing chunk for a request, with ties
  broken in approximately least-recently-used order. (This strategy
  normally maintains low fragmentation.) However, for requests less
  than 256bytes, it deviates from best-fit when there is not an
  exactly fitting available chunk by preferring to use space adjacent
  to that used for the previous small request, as well as by breaking
  ties in approximately most-recently-used order. (These enhance
  locality of series of small allocations.)  And for very large requests
  (>= 256Kb by default), it relies on system memory mapping
  facilities, if supported.  (This helps avoid carrying around and
  possibly fragmenting memory used only for large chunks.)

  All operations (except malloc_stats and mallinfo) have execution
  times that are bounded by a constant factor of the number of bits in
  a size_t, not counting any clearing in calloc or copying in realloc,
  or actions surrounding MORECORE and MMAP that have times
  proportional to the number of non-contiguous regions returned by
  system allocation routines, which is often just 1. In real-time
  applications, you can optionally suppress segment traversals using
  NO_SEGMENT_TRAVERSAL, which assures bounded execution even when
  system allocators return non-contiguous spaces, at the typical
  expense of carrying around more memory and increased fragmentation.

  The implementation is not very modular and seriously overuses
  macros. Perhaps someday all C compilers will do as good a job
  inlining modular code as can now be done by brute-force expansion,
  but now, enough of them seem not to.

  Some compilers issue a lot of warnings about code that is
  dead/unreachable only on some platforms, and also about intentional
  uses of negation on unsigned types. All known cases of each can be
  ignored.

  For a longer but out of date high-level description, see
     http://gee.cs.oswego.edu/dl/html/malloc.html

MSPACES
  If MSPACES is defined, then in addition to malloc, free, etc.,
  this file also defines mspace_malloc, mspace_free, etc. These
  are versions of malloc routines that take an "mspace" argument
  obtained using create_mspace, to control all internal bookkeeping.
  If ONLY_MSPACES is defined, only these versions are compiled.
  So if you would like to use this allocator for only some allocations,
  and your system malloc for others, you can compile with
  ONLY_MSPACES and then do something like...
    static mspace mymspace = create_mspace(0,0); // for example
    #define mymalloc(bytes)  mspace_malloc(mymspace, bytes)

  (Note: If you only need one instance of an mspace, you can instead
  use "USE_DL_PREFIX" to relabel the global malloc.)

  You can similarly create thread-local allocators by storing
  mspaces as thread-locals. For example:
    static __thread mspace tlms = 0;
    void*  tlmalloc(size_t bytes) {
      if (tlms == 0) tlms = create_mspace(0, 0);
      return mspace_malloc(tlms, bytes);
    }
    void  tlfree(void* mem) { mspace_free(tlms, mem); }

  Unless FOOTERS is defined, each mspace is completely independent.
  You cannot allocate from one and free to another (although
  conformance is only weakly checked, so usage errors are not always
  caught). If FOOTERS is defined, then each chunk carries around a tag
  indicating its originating mspace, and frees are directed to their
  originating spaces. Normally, this requires use of locks.
